#### FAQs for IBM Cloud Virtual Servers for VPC Sandbox
Last updated 2024-06-05

Q: How do I get access to the IBM Sandbox GitHub repository?
A: You can access the IBM sandbox Github repository [here](https://github.com/IBM-Cloud/sandbox-benchmark-for-vpc).

Q: How do I raise issues to the Sandbox project on GitHub?
A: Navigate to the repository page and click on the "Issues" tab near the top. This tab manages
all issues related to the project. You can raise your issues [here](https://github.com/IBM-Cloud/sandbox-benchmark-for-vpc/issues).

Q: What should I do if my Apply Plan fails while deploying IBM Sandbox via Schematics?
A: First, ensure you've provided all the required input variables for the Terraform module. If
everything seems correct, examine the error messages generated by Schematics, usually in the form
of Terraform outputs. Understanding these specific errors can often shed light on what went wrong
and guide your troubleshooting process effectively. You can get the required input variables list
from the user-guide.

Q: What should I do if I forgot my Sandbox dashboard password?
A: You need to redeploy the Sandbox infrastructure. Before redeploying via IBM Schematics with a
new password, ensure to manually delete any application VSIs created from the IBM Cloud console.
If no application VSIs were created from the Sandbox dashboard portal, you can skip this step.
Once completed, proceed to redeploy the Sandbox infrastructure with the new password via IBM
Schematics.

Q: What should I do if the application setup failed?
A: Check for errors in notifications and recreate the application VSIs. If partial VSIs were
already created, delete them first and then recreate them.

Q: How can I know if my BYO application setup completed successfully or not?
A: Ensure that your BYO scripts are running fine on the ubuntu 22.04 operating system. Integrate
LogDNA instance with your BYO VSIs to see the logs. You can check for the cloud-init-output.log
file in LogDNA. You can also delete the created VSIs anytime and rerun the setup.

Q: How can I upgrade my Sandbox environment to the latest patch or version?
A: To upgrade to the latest patch or version, redeploy the sandbox environment via IBM Schematics.

Q: Can I access my sandbox dashboard portal without the bastion host tunnel setup?
A: You cannot access the sandbox dashboard portal without a bastion host. Do not attach a public
IP (FIP) directly to the dashboard VSI to access the dashboard.

Q: What should I do if I need to use a zip file or rpm file for my BYO application?
A: The only supported file format is a shell script. Upload your zip file or rpm file to a public
location and use your shell script to pull it from that location. Ensure that the packages or
application used for a BYO application are accessible publicly so BYO VSIs can download and
install them.
